readme.md, before:

# JavaScript30
[https://JavaScript30.com](https://JavaScript30.com)

## Progress
- [x] Day 1  (23/02/2019)
- [x] Day 2  (24/02/2019)
- [x] Day 3  (11/03/2019)
- [x] Day 4  (24/03/2019)
- [x] Day 5  (25/03/2019)
- [x] Day 6  (27/03/2019)
- [x] Day 7  (24/04/2019)
- [x] Day 8  (26/04/2019)
- [x] Day 9  (26/04/2019)
- [x] Day 10 (26/04/2019)
- [x] Day 11 (27/04/2019)
- [x] Day 12 (27/04/2019)
- [x] Day 13 (27/04/2019)
- [x] Day 14 (28/04/2019)
- [ ] Day 15
- [ ] Day 16
- [ ] Day 17
- [ ] Day 18
- [ ] Day 19
- [ ] Day 20
- [ ] Day 21
- [ ] Day 22
- [ ] Day 23
- [ ] Day 24
- [ ] Day 25
- [ ] Day 26
- [ ] Day 27
- [ ] Day 28
- [ ] Day 29
- [ ] Day 30

## Accomplishments
<em>Date completed and additional features.</em>

### Day 1
- Completed 23/02/2019
- Changed background.
- Changed colour of keys.
- Moved keys down to accommodate image.

### Day 2
- Completed 24/02/2019
- Changed background.
- Fix awkward hand transition to 0 degrees.
- Changed clock hand colour and width.
- Added center nub.

### Day 3
- Completed 11/03/2019
- Changed image used.
- Changed border colour.
- Set default parameters so UI is consistent on reload.

### Day 4
- Completed 24/03/2019
- Copy sorted arrays so second sort doesn't change first sort's result.
- Sorted names by first name if last name is the same.
- Overall more efficient implementation.

### Day 5
- Completed 25/03/2019
- Make words fly away before transition on shrink.
- Changed message.
- Changed images used.

### Day 6
- Completed 27/03/2019
- Message returns to default if query is erased.
- Added message if there are no matches.
- Input box is selected on load. Query is reset on reload.

### Day 7
- Completed 24/04/2019
- List of comments after removing one will be printed.

### Day 8
- Completed 26/04/2019
- Stroke width grows from 1px to 50 as stroke length increases.
- Stroke width resets to 1 for every new line.
- Various efficiency changes.

### Day 9
- Read 26/04/2019
- No coding challenge.
- Watched video which provided information on techniques instead.

### Day 10
- Completed 26/04/2019
- Implementation is different because I did it myself.
- Changed colour of background and list.

### Day 11
- Completed 27/04/2019
- Changed video used.
- Added fullscreen button.
- Changed skip duration (5s).
- Added keyboard commands. Arrow keys skips, space toggles pause, f toggles fullscreen.

### Day 12
- Completed 27/04/2019
- Used different word as secret code ('ayylmao').
- Cleared input if it is correct (so codes with repetition aren't prematurely recognized).

### Day 13
- 27/04/2019
- Used different images.
- Made background gradient.

### Day 14
- 28/04/2019
- Watched the video.
- Tested techniques, including the object ...spread method.

Commit message:

update readme. project is currently on hold

readme.md, after:

# JavaScript30
[https://JavaScript30.com](https://JavaScript30.com)

## Update
This tutorial will be put on hold for the time being. A lot of what is being taught is review from different languages, and I am not proficient enough in CSS to fully understand the lessons which involve modifying CSS elements.

## Progress
- [x] Day 1  (23/02/2019)
- [x] Day 2  (24/02/2019)
- [x] Day 3  (11/03/2019)
- [x] Day 4  (24/03/2019)
- [x] Day 5  (25/03/2019)
- [x] Day 6  (27/03/2019)
- [x] Day 7  (24/04/2019)
- [x] Day 8  (26/04/2019)
- [x] Day 9  (26/04/2019)
- [x] Day 10 (26/04/2019)
- [x] Day 11 (27/04/2019)
- [x] Day 12 (27/04/2019)
- [x] Day 13 (27/04/2019)
- [x] Day 14 (28/04/2019)
- [ ] Day 15
- [ ] Day 16
- [ ] Day 17
- [ ] Day 18
- [ ] Day 19
- [ ] Day 20
- [ ] Day 21
- [ ] Day 22
- [ ] Day 23
- [ ] Day 24
- [ ] Day 25
- [ ] Day 26
- [ ] Day 27
- [ ] Day 28
- [ ] Day 29
- [ ] Day 30

## Accomplishments
<em>Date completed and additional features.</em>

### Day 1
- Completed 23/02/2019
- Changed background.
- Changed colour of keys.
- Moved keys down to accommodate image.

### Day 2
- Completed 24/02/2019
- Changed background.
- Fix awkward hand transition to 0 degrees.
- Changed clock hand colour and width.
- Added center nub.

### Day 3
- Completed 11/03/2019
- Changed image used.
- Changed border colour.
- Set default parameters so UI is consistent on reload.

### Day 4
- Completed 24/03/2019
- Copy sorted arrays so second sort doesn't change first sort's result.
- Sorted names by first name if last name is the same.
- Overall more efficient implementation.

### Day 5
- Completed 25/03/2019
- Make words fly away before transition on shrink.
- Changed message.
- Changed images used.

### Day 6
- Completed 27/03/2019
- Message returns to default if query is erased.
- Added message if there are no matches.
- Input box is selected on load. Query is reset on reload.

### Day 7
- Completed 24/04/2019
- List of comments after removing one will be printed.

### Day 8
- Completed 26/04/2019
- Stroke width grows from 1px to 50 as stroke length increases.
- Stroke width resets to 1 for every new line.
- Various efficiency changes.

### Day 9
- Read 26/04/2019
- No coding challenge.
- Watched video which provided information on techniques instead.

### Day 10
- Completed 26/04/2019
- Implementation is different because I did it myself.
- Changed colour of background and list.

### Day 11
- Completed 27/04/2019
- Changed video used.
- Added fullscreen button.
- Changed skip duration (5s).
- Added keyboard commands. Arrow keys skips, space toggles pause, f toggles fullscreen.

### Day 12
- Completed 27/04/2019
- Used different word as secret code ('ayylmao').
- Cleared input if it is correct (so codes with repetition aren't prematurely recognized).

### Day 13
- 27/04/2019
- Used different images.
- Made background gradient.

### Day 14
- 28/04/2019
- Watched the video.
- Tested techniques, including the object ...spread method.
